README.md, before:

# Missing::I18n::Highlighter

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/missing/i18n/highlighter`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'missing-i18n-highlighter'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install missing-i18n-highlighter

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/missing-i18n-highlighter.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Add readme. Add new feature to show popup on missing translations.

README.md, after:

# Missing::I18n::Highlighter

Missing::I18n::Highlighter highlights missing translations on page with color provided as parameter. Default color is `#ffa500` which is `orange`. It also shows a popup over the translation missing element which can be disabled as described in options below.

## Preview
Here is how it highlights page with missing translation:

![missing-i18n-highlighter](https://github.com/abhishekkanojia/images/raw/master/missing-translation.png)

## Usage

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'missing-i18n-highlighter'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install missing-i18n-highlighter

## Require js and css file

In `application.js`

```ruby
//= require missing_i18n_highlighter
```

and In `application.css`

```ruby
*= require missing-i18n-highlighter
```
## Yeah That's it ! !

Restart your rails server to see the changes and visit the page you want to highlight missing translations on.

## Development
#### Any new feature you want ??
create an issue or create a pull request for your feature.

## Contributing
> Make sure you install and configure Js Lint and Align tab to validate js that you write.
Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/abhishekkanojia/missing-i18n-highlighter.

## License
The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
